fsType

Format: 		uint16
Title: 			Type flags.
Description: 	Indicates font embedding licensing rights for the font. 
				The interpretation of flags is as follows:

Bit(s) 	Mask 	Description
0 – 3 	0x000F 	Usage permissions. Valid fonts must set at most one of bits 1, 2 or 3; 
				bit 0 is permanently reserved and must be zero. 
				Valid values for this sub-field are 0, 2, 4 or 8. 
				The meaning of these values is as follows:

				0: Installable embedding: the font may be embedded, and may be permanently 
				   installed for use on a remote systems, or for use by other users. 
				   The user of the remote system acquires the identical rights, obligations 
				   and licenses for that font as the original purchaser of the font, 
				   and is subject to the same end-user license agreement, copyright, 
				   design patent, and/or trademark as was the original purchaser.

				2: Restricted License embedding: the font must not be modified, embedded 
				   or exchanged in any manner without first obtaining explicit permission 
				   of the legal owner.

				4: Preview & Print embedding: the font may be embedded, and may be 
				   temporarily loaded on other systems for purposes of viewing or 
				   printing the document. Documents containing Preview & Print fonts 
				   must be opened “read-only”; no edits can be applied to the document.

				8: Editable embedding: the font may be embedded, and may be temporarily
			       loaded on other systems. As with Preview & Print embedding, documents 
				   containing Editable fonts may be opened for reading. In addition, 
				   editing is permitted, including ability to format new text using 
				   the embedded font, and changes may be saved.
				   
4 – 7 	  		Reserved, must be zero.

8 		0x0100 	No subsetting: When this bit is set, the font may not be subsetted prior 
				to embedding. Other embedding restrictions specified in bits 0 to 3 and 
				bit 9 also apply.

9 		0x0200 	Bitmap embedding only: When this bit is set, only bitmaps contained in 
				the font may be embedded. No outline data may be embedded. 
				If there are no bitmaps available in the font, then the font is 
				considered unembeddable and the embedding services will fail. 
				Other embedding restrictions specified in bits 0-3 and 8 also apply.

10 – 15 	  	Reserved, must be zero.
